Docs/packer seo templates batch1 (#13282)
hashicorp/packer: website/content/docs/templates/hcl_templates/expressions.mdx

---
page_title: HCL expressions reference
description: |-

>   HCL expresssions provide access to data exported by data sources and transforms and combines the data into other values. Learn how to use HCL expressions in Packer templates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HCL expressions provide access to data exported by data sources, transforming and combining the data into other values. Learn how to use HCL expressions in Packer templates.
```
